Hahahaha
How about pretending to be different?
Hahaha fill the fat man with your face
Don't pretend if you don't have that strength.
How is it? Does your face hurt?
Huh? What's going on?
There are obviously hundreds of billions in this card
It's still here.
Do you think hundreds of billions are ghost coins? Xu Wenjie
Why don't you hurry up?
Financial fraud is a felony
I won't kill you again and again
Sorry, sorry.
It's because of me
I don't have enough authority.
I'll go to the manager.
The manager has a gentleman who wants to buy Villa 001
What!
If this order is successful
I'll give you 1,000 yuan
This list is obviously his own
Could have 200,000 commission
The manager wants to spread the commission.
Yeah, it's hard to find you
He is so poor
How could you possibly afford such an expensive villa?
Make Lao Tzu happy
We can't judge people by their appearance, and we dare to be stubborn?
What if I could afford it?
What if you could afford it?
I kneel down and call you father three times
That's so great!
Credit.